[NIGHTFALL] Twilight, my mentor,
you've changed.
This fraudulent Forger
family has given you
unnecessary emotions and dulled
your cunning as an agent.
You're like a hunting knife
that's been chipped.
To see what you've become,
it hurts my heart.
Ah. But this gentler version
of you is adorable.
I don't know if I can handle it!
I love you.
You may be like a toy knife
that collapses on contact,
but my feelings are
as strong as ever.
Actually, you're far
more desirable now,
and I'm madly in love with you.
This is just not right,
though. It should be me.
I should be the one who
awakens this side of you.
Yor Forger.
I will take your position
and be the wife he deserves.
[NIGHTFALL]
Cavi Campbell, age 56.
Made his fortune
in the energy sector
and is one of the world's
foremost art collectors.
His personal gallery
includes a painting
valued at a million dalc.
"The Lady in the Sun."
That's the target for
our mission together.
[TWILIGHT]
A painting?
[NIGHTFALL]
Yes.
One that was previously owned by
the late Colonel Erik Zacharis.
A military intelligence officer
for the East during the war,
and a major player
in ending the war.
[NIGHTFALL]
Correct.
Supposedly, he possessed
some extremely sensitive
top-secret information that
was suppressed and hidden
for fear it could reignite the
flames of war if made public.
Known as the Zacharis Dossier.
It may contain records of the
East's human experiments,
or details of the West's
massacre of POWs,
but its contents are pure
speculation as of now.
Also called the "ticking time
bomb under thin ice."
Its whereabouts are a
mystery as well, but...
There could be clues to the
location found in the painting?
[NIGHTFALL] Our intel comes
from a well-connected source.
We believe there might be
some kind of code within it.
Now it's only a matter
of time before Campbell
or the Ostanian government
discovers the code.
Our orders are to find and
retrieve the Zacharis Dossier
before they do.
[TWILIGHT] Whether its contents
are harmful to East or West,
it's still highly likely
the information
will be used to reignite
those flames, as you say.
Where is the painting now?
[NIGHTFALL] Underneath
the Campbell mansion
with the rest of his collection.
It's closely guarded, and
Campbell has connections
to the State Security Service.
Those that dared to enter
without authorization
have quickly met their end.
Infiltration is quite risky.
Our plan?
[NIGHTFALL]
I have one, of course.
[CROWD cheering]
Game, set, and match!
You freakin' kidding me?!
Gimme my money!
[COMMENTATOR A] A good payout
for some on that match!
You have ten minutes to place
your bets on the next round,
so let's get ready...!
Nightfall.
Yes, Twilight, what is it?
Was this truly the only way
to proceed with the mission?
This was the most
certain method.
Since Campbell runs this
illicit tennis tournament
with other members of his
underground tennis club,
it's our best way in.
Bigwigs from the
world of finance,
as well as organized crime,
gather for the competition,
colloquially known
as the Cambelldon.
Those behind the event
usually enter their own
highly skilled players
to compete.
But amateurs can also play,
with an exorbitant
entry fee, of course.
The winner is free to choose
whatever work of art they want
from Campbell's collection,
which can be quite
a valuable prize.
[TWILIGHT]
Yes. But why tennis?
And who's heard of an
underground tennis club?
[NIGHTFALL] I think he's
just really into it.
Entering is risk-free, and once
we win, the mission's complete.
[TWILIGHT] Let's hope
it goes that smoothly.
[COMMENTATOR A] Next up,
we have the fourth match
of our first round with
Twain and Nafalia Phony!
It looks like we're up.
[COMMENTATOR A] They're not
only doubles partners,
but husband and wife.
[AUDIENCE C] Hope you get
creamed out there!
[AUDIENCE E] I bet a hundred
dalc they divorce!
Why did you choose
this cover story?
[NIGHTFALL]
Wow.
All these people really believe
we're a married couple.
[COMMENTATOR A] They'll be goin'
up against Wolson and Babol!
The legendary duo that dominated
the Grand Slam ten years ago!
Wait a sec, we're facing off
against retired champions?
Have you played much
tennis, Twilight?
I've dabbled a tiny bit.
And practiced with
the family recently.
No fair! I wanna
play tennis, too!
Then maybe we should
all play some together!
[NIGHTFALL]
So what did you tell them?
[TWILIGHT] Just that I was
having a friendly tennis match
with some of my associates
in the medical field.
Believable.
[NIGHTFALL]
Someday, you won't have to make
excuses like that, Twilight.
There's no need
for you to worry.
You could just stand and watch
from the back corner
if you'd like.
[NIGHTFALL]
This mission will also serve
to prove beyond a doubt
that I'm the perfect fit to play
your wife for Operation Strix.
I can handle all the action
here on the court.
You know you can
always count on me!
[SENIOR AGENT A] Nightfall's a
little too eager to get ahead.
Keep an eye out to make sure
she doesn't get sloppy.
[TWILIGHT] Here comes that
sinking feeling again.
[COMMENTATOR A] The odds are
an amazing 40 to 1.3!
Do we have any brave souls
willing to bet on
these lovebirds?
This supposed to be some
kinda joke, or what?
They look like a
couple of tourists
lost on their way to the spa.
We may have officially retired,
but we never stopped
trying to be the best
to ever play the game.
The only way to find players
strong enough to take us
was in the underground arena.
We holed up in the mountains
and went through the most
punishing training regimen
to prepare for this.
Well, let's all try to
have a good, clean match.
Best of luck to you
both, gentlemen.
[WOLSON]
Match? You poor fool.
This is gonna be a total
slaughter, so say your goodbyes.
[UMPIRE A]
Team Phony is first to serve.
Fifteen-love!
[NIGHTFALL] Immediately scoring
a service ace against a pro.
You've redefined what it means
to "dabble," Twilight.
I love you.
[UMPIRE A]
Thirty-love!
Forty-love!
That's game!
[CROWD cheering]
What the hell was that?
I've never even seen
a top-ranked player
make that kinda serve.
It's on. Shoot for the
chick and show no mercy.
Take this!
In your face!
[UMPIRE A]
Love-fifteen.
Now, what in the--?
Nice work, Nigh--Nafalia.
[NIGHTFALL]
He praised me!
Just warming up.
[NIGHTFALL] Okay, all I have
to do is keep showing him
how amazing I am,
mercilessly crush the enemy,
and get the painting in a flash.
[TWILIGHT]
You're incredible!
Let's play doubles
in the game of life,
where love means everything!
[NIGHTFALL] Oh, Twilight!
You've aced my heart!
[UMPIRE A] Game, set, and match!
The Phonies take the win!
[COMMENTATOR A]
What an upset, folks!
This amateur couple
came out of nowhere
and annihilated the pros!
Looks like we've got a dark
horse in the running!
Was it a fluke, or a sign
of things to come?
This could get very interesting!
[laughs]
Now that was a hell of a match.
This surprise could make us
a fortune, gentlemen.
[MEMBER A laughs]
You wouldn't be rigging
any matches on us,
would you, Mister Campbell?
[MEMBER B laughs]
We just wanna engage in some
good, clean, high-stakes
gambling, after all!
Hmph. They may be pros,
but still normal men.
My big and beefy Boric brothers
will be taking to
the court next.
The Phonies are done.
[MEMBER A] You mean that pair
of junkies you brought?
[MEMBER C laughs]
[MEMBER C] You'll change
your tune soon enough.
We're working with the
government to develop
a new doping agent called OSO-R.
It's for the upcoming
East-West Sports Exhibition,
but they'll use it today.
[COMMENTATOR A] Thank you for
waiting, ladies and gentlemen.
We will now begin
the second round!
Our first match will
feature the Phony pair,
who just wowed us
with a miracle upset,
playing against the Mad Dogs
of Dressen, the Boric brothers!
Nafalia, thought you said
this would be risk-free.
Let's just do our best,
okay, sweetie?
Mama! The ball ran away! Mama!
[YOR]
Oh, I'm sorry about that, Anya.
[ANYA] I guess she's
lost in her tots?
No. I'm paying
attention, really.
[YOR] If he's playing in a
tennis match with coworkers,
does that mean she's there, too?
What's her relationship
with Loid anyway?
Ohh! I don't ever wanna
go back to my old life
and have Yuri worry
about me 24/7!
The ball?
[YOR] Maybe I should just
take care of her first.
[gasps]
[YOR] No, no, no!
Stop thinking like that!
Come on, Yor, you can't solve
every problem that way.
You could make things worse!
It's okay, Mama.
Don't worry about it.
Uh, worry about what?
[YOR] Uh-oh, does she
know what I'm thinking?
Uh, everything will be fine.
Papa is gonna win big time
and he's gonna bring
home a giant trophy.
Uh. Yeah.
You're right, Anya.
Loid can do anything
he puts his mind to.
He'll give his opponents
a big ol' kapow!
[ANYA]
Kapow!
[ANAN]
Kill. Tennis.
Well, that's odd.
Those certainly don't seem to be
the same bony Boric brothers
from the first round.
The Cambelldon is run
quite differently.
You can modify your gear,
take steroids,
and engage in
unsportsmanlike conduct.
Almost anything goes.
I'd wager some
doping was involved.
[TWILIGHT]
Yeah, an extremely safe bet.
Come on, you meatheads!
I got a fortune riding on you!
Screw this up, and
you're dead, ya hear?
I'll kill you!
[COMMENTATOR A]
Whoa, now!
The younger brother, Catan,
tore a hole in the fence!
Kill all!
Shut your face and watch!
[COMMENTATOR A] Look at
that monstrous strength!
And betting time
is just about over.
The Phony pair pulled out
a miracle last round,
but can they topple the
gargantuan Boric brothers?
We'll find out soon!
[TWILIGHT]
Their inhuman, brute strength
will be an issue for us.
How do we fight them
without losing our stamina?
[COMMENTATOR A]
Oof!
The older brother, Anan, easily
crushed a ball like a grape!
Let's take good care of
the equipment, please.
[ANAN]
Hey, boy!
I think I smell a little
piss comin' from ya.
So get this girl to
change your diapers
and go back to your crib, huh?
Pissy diaper!
[NIGHTFALL]
I'd be happy to.
Aw, what's wrong?
Does the little pissy baby
not know how to talk?
He's too dumb to use
his words, bro.
We'll have to spank him!
Yeah, you can tell
just by lookin'
that the guy's got no
brains in his head.
Thinkin's just too hard for
mama's special little baby!
[BROTHERS laughing]
[buzzer sounds]
[UMPIRE A] Game, set,
and match. Phonies win!
[COMMENTATOR A]
Holy cow!
Their name may be Phony,
but they are the
real deal, folks!
They literally overpowered
the massive Boric brothers
from the first serve
of the game!
No mercy for the opponents!
Did you have to hit them
with that many smashes?
My hand just kept slipping.
[NIGHTFALL]
They should die.
But they were
my secret weapons!
Tough break.
Maybe send that drug
of yours back to R&D
before that exhibition.
These upstarts are
extremely impressive.
You might find yourself in a bit
of trouble there, Campbell.
[CAMPBELL]
Hm?
Oh, yeah? I'm not worried.
[NARRATOR] Mostly thanks to
Nightfall's increasingly bold
and powerful moves,
the aptly named Phony pair
continued their steady advance
through the competitors,
eventually making their way
into the final round.
Wait here. The finals will
begin in about 20 minutes,
so please, make
yourselves comfortable.
Just one more match left.
[NIGHTFALL] Twilight, how do
you like my flawless plays?
Do they get you excited?
Apparently, we'll be facing
Campbell's son and daughter
in the final round.
And although they're
still in high school,
from the time they could walk,
they've rigorously trained
with the top names in tennis.
Since their father's in charge,
we should be even more wary
of underhanded methods
to tip the scales.
Well, from their
matches thus far,
the two don't appear
to be that skilled.
I'll end this match in no time.
[NIGHTFALL]
And once we win,
he'll choose me as his doubles
partner in the game of life!
[gasps]
Nightfall.
[NIGHTFALL]
Yes?
Wow, I can't believe
you're making your
move right now!
This is all so sudden, Twilight!
I don't know if my heart
can take it! Oh!
Take it down a notch.
You're tearing up your hands.
This is going to be
harder than you think.
I know you want to win,
but pace yourself.
I know exactly what I'm doing.
Let's win and finish
up the mission.
I've heard something similar
from countless fallen allies.
[TWILIGHT] Losing your cool
can mean losing your life.
Just how many times
must I repeat myself?
[NIGHTFALL]
You're right.
[NIGHTFALL] Twilight, the lesson
you used to drill into me
was that we spies
are expendable.
Now you're sick with
worry over me.
Why must you never play fair
with my heart? How dare you!
I love you, I love you,
I love you, I love you...
[TWILIGHT] Whoa!
She's staring daggers into me!
Does she truly doubt
my methods that much?
[NIGHTFALL] Damn it!
Why did I pull my hand away?
How stupid of me!
I can still feel his warmth
tingling on my hand.
Tingling?
Wait a sec.
So what now?
You need to hold your breath
and close your eyes.
Colorless and odorless gas.
Non-lethal, most likely.
[TWILIGHT]
I see now.
This is why the
Campbell kids' opponents
all seemed off their
games earlier.
They're trying to impair us
before the round begins.
[NIGHTFALL]
A dirty trick.
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm. We're locked in as well.
It would be easy to
break out of here,
but if there's a guard,
then we might have to attack him
and put the mission in jeopardy.
We'll have to pretend
we fell for the trap.
We should cover up
as much as possible
and get into those lockers
to minimize the effects.
Can you make it
till the door opens?
[NIGHTFALL] I'm good for
ten minutes, at least.
[COMMENTATOR A]
Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for waiting!
Without further ado,
the final round
of the 14th annual Campbelldon
is about to get underway!
It'll be the Phony pair versus
the Campbell siblings!
The Phonies are on a roll,
but will it be enough
to stop the siblings'
third victory in a row?
The odds slightly favor
the Campbell kids!
[CAMPBELL]
Yes, this is perfect.
You rubes keep putting your
money on those nobodies.
How interesting. I think I'll
bet on the couple as well.
I will, too.
I assume you're betting
on your children,
aren't you, Mister Campbell?
But of course! I've got
ten million on my kids.
[CAMPBELL] They're gonna
wipe the floor with 'em.
Especially after those Phonies
sucked up all that gas. Ha!
Looking a little pale
and shaky there, folks.
Now, Carrol and Kim,
show them no mercy.
You okay?
I'm fine, but still
slightly numb
and a little bit out of breath.
I got word from Daddy.
He said we can stop pretending
to struggle so much.
Heh. I'm, like, so over
of all his micro-managing.
Let's take out these losers.
Daddy can shut up and
buy us a new yacht.
[UMPIRE A]
And Phony is first up to serve.
Now that's just pathetic!
That's out!
[COMMENTATOR A]
Whoa!
Carrol's jet-powered racket
forces a Phony error!
It's not like I'm cheating.
It was a real challenge to learn
how to use this thing correctly.
[COMMENTATOR A] A nice hit
from the Phony lady!
Will Kim be able to
reach it in time?
[COMMENTATOR A] She can!
With the bursting whip racket!
They won't be a problem.
[COMMENTATOR A] The Campbell
siblings are proving once again
why they're the reigning champs!
[UMPIRE A]
Game, Campbells!
[COMMENTATOR A] What a blowout
from the title holders
right out of the gate!
And this is the first set
that's slipped through the
hands of the Phony pair!
Hey! Play better, damn you!
[AUDIENCE R] You should've used
a cross on that return,
you idiot!
[AUDIENCE T]
You've still got this, Nafalia!
[NIGHTFALL] I'm going
to remember the faces
of every single person
who ridiculed Twilight.
What a shot! Sorry, old chum.
[COMMENTATOR A] Kicking off the
second set of the final match!
The Phonies are desperate
for a win this time!
Carroll Campbell
is first on service!
[CARROL]
Hup!
[COMMENTATOR A]
Here comes the return!
[KIM] Can't get a great hit,
but with enough spin...
[KIM grunts]
They got lucky.
[UMPIRE A]
Love-thirty!
[COMMENTATOR A]
It looks like the Phony pair
is getting back into
the swing of things,
and just in the nick of time!
Damn it! What the
hell's going on?
[COMMENTATOR A] The Campbell
siblings have given up
three games in a row this set!
[CARROL]
All right, then...
[COMMENTATOR A]
Will the Phony duo be able
to sweep the set against
the title defenders?
[gasps]
[COMMENTATOR A]
What the--?!
Nafalia's ball seems to
have a mind of its own!
[chuckles]
I see. The court is divided
into 36 small panels.
I'd wondered what
that was all about.
Those can't be the only dirty
tricks they'll be using.
This could get ugly.
[TWILIGHT]
Not an issue.
I won't be beaten so easily.
Not by these
underhanded gimmicks.
[NIGHTFALL]
There he is.
Watch my back, Nafalia.
I'll need your support on this.
[NIGHTFALL]
There's the Twilight I admire.
The one I can't help chasing.
The one I want to support.
The man who turned
my respect into love,
whose dreams became my dreams.
The real deal.
[NIGHTFALL]
I got you, Twain.
Now let's do this.
We'll crush them!
[NIGHTFALL]
I love you!
[inaudible]